# RocketSim-3D
Much like the original RocketSim, this is a rocket trajectory simulation written in python. However, this simulates the tradjectory of the rocket in 3d space with a simulated thrust-vectored motor and PID control system

# What is This?
Here's a brief explanation as to what this simulation is, what it does, what it can do, and what it can't do. As mentioned in the repo's 
description this is a model rocket simulation that is written in python. Just like the original RocketSim, this code takes custom inputs for almost every parameter of the rocket but is not visual like 
OpenRocket. Fortunately, that's where the similarity to the original ends, this code is not made as a python version of OpenRocket. This code serves a completely different purpose, simulating rockets controlled via thrust-vectoring. By using this code, it should be possible to define your rocket's general design and control perameters and simulate it's response to various flight scenarios. For the moment, I have not tested the code to see how close its output is to a true flight. For now it's safe to say that the accuracy is a bit iffy in it's current state, especially since it makes a few _possibly_ erroneous assumptions. Mainly, it assumes a that the rocket has throttle control, does not account for drag or the distance from the CG to CP, assumes instant gimbaling of the TVC, and likely makes many other bad assumptions which may or may not be a deal-breaker for some scenarios. Fortunately, I have plans in place to implement the changes necessary to mitigate these issue and improve the overall accuracy of the outputs.
